So what encourages accountability? Um, number one sakes. You know, fiduciary
responsibility is easy. If you signed for it, you are responsible
for you become the wardroom mess. Treasurer, you're always possible
for the news you become the more the officer responsible for casting
all those little tiny boats if you sign for something, okay, fun.
That's gonna be your responsibility. I could tell you when I was,
uh do you have a hearing school battered school in Monterey? They
were one of the department's. The physics department was running a coffee
house out of the mess because there's no coffee at that campus
at that time and no one asked permission. I want to know about it.
Suddenly they were $300 in the hole. How far is attention? So you could
weigh have to encourage a little bit more accountability? At that
point on, dhe lay down the law in this band that mess okay, because
they couldn't come up with, um so it's hardest accountability. That's
that is fiduciary responsibility, accountability for the mission
for the team. If you're on the A S W officer and we're going out on
the range in two months to fire a live warhead. Okay, Thank you. Better
know how we're gonna do that. What? All the fire? Because we want
to come back with a broom attached to the mast way. Don't wanna be
known as the ship that couldn't shoot straight because you need to
look up fire procedures. You didn't understand how the total ray was
supposed to respond to that. You take You met firing criteria because
you isolated submarine and you can tell a geo criterias met weapon
away. Put it away.